All righty, so let's go ahead
and get started here with refactoring
our cart.service.ts file.
Just move down here and I'll open up
that given file cart.service.ts.
Let me zoom out a bit and expand my window.
Okay, so we're in cart service.
Let's move down to this add to cart method.
This is where we're going to kind of focus on
and do our main work here.
There's that for loop.
And this is the code that we're going to refactor.
So let's just go ahead and remove this code
or delete this code.
All right so that's removed.
And now let's add in that new code
that we learned about using that new code .find method.
So here I'll say existingCartItem
equals this.cartItems.find.
I'll pass in the loop parameter that we're going to use,
we'll call it tempCartItem.
We can actually give it any name here
but I just like to keep it simple.
And then also check with our conditional here,
tempCartItem.id equals theCartItem.
And so remember theCartItem is the parameter
that's being passed into this add to cart method.
All right and just kind of zooming in here
so remember find returns
the first element that passes, else returns undefined.
We have our test that's executed
for each element in the array
until the test passes.
So that's our test conditional here.
And we also have the current array element
that we can use for looping over it.
So this current array element you can actually give it
any name that you want
but here I just like to, you know, keep it normal here
and call it tempCartItem.
But we could have easily called this current array element
x, y, or z just make sure
you update the test conditional accordingly.
And we can kind of zoom out a bit
just so we can kind of see everything together.
I'll just scroll over a bit here
so we see the addToCart method
and we have this work that we just add in a line 26.
All right, so let's go ahead and test this out,
I'll just open up a new terminal window
and I'll start my application.
All righty, so I'm going to add those up,
let's go ahead and swing over into our browser.
I'll open up my web developer tools for the console.
And we can go through
and just start adding some items to the cart.
And then we can see that our shopping cart
still works as desired
so it's able to increment quantity items
and add items to the cart and so on.
And so all of our same functionality is working out
just fine for us.
So this is great,
so our refactoring was successful.
So I'd like to say good job.